Allow Apache-friendly fine-tuning (#77)
FreshRSS/Extensions: xExtension-ImageProxy/README.md

* `scheme_http` (default: `1`): whether to proxy HTTP resources

* `scheme_https` (default: `0`): whether to proxy HTTPS resources

* `scheme_default` (default: `http`): which scheme to use for resources that do not include one (if set to `-`, those will not be proxied)

* `scheme_include` (default: `0`): whether to include the scheme - `http*://` - in the proxied URL

* `url_encode` (default: `1`): whether to URL-encode (RFC 3986) the proxied URL

## Proxy Settings

By default this extension will use the [images.weserv.nl](https://images.weserv.nl) image caching and resizing proxy, but instead you can supply your own proxy URL in the settings. An example URL would look like ``https://images.example.com/?url=``.

By ticking the `scheme_https` checkbox, you can also force the use of the proxy, even for images coming through an encrypted channel. This makes the server that hosts your FreshRSS instance the only point of entry for images, preventing your client from connecting directly to the RSS sources to recover them (which could be a privacy concern in extreme cases).

> The source code for the images.weserv.nl proxy can be found at [github.com/andrieslouw/imagesweserv](https://github.com/andrieslouw/imagesweserv), but of course other methods are available. For example, in Apache you could [use `mod_rewrite` to set up a simple proxy](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.2/rewrite/proxy.html) and similar methods are available in nginx and lighttpd. Alternatively you could use a simple PHP script, [along these lines](https://github.com/Alexxz/Simple-php-proxy-script). Keep in mind that too simple a proxy could introduce security risks, which is why the default proxy processes the images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code for the images.weserv.nl proxy can be found at [github.com/andrieslouw/imagesweserv](https://github.com/andrieslouw/imagesweserv), but of course other methods are available. For example, in Apache you could [use `mod_rewrite` to set up a simple proxy](#apache-configuration) and similar methods are available in nginx and lighttpd. Alternatively you could use a simple PHP script, [along these lines](https://github.com/Alexxz/Simple-php-proxy-script). Keep in mind that too simple a proxy could introduce security risks, which is why the default proxy processes the images.
```

### Apache configuration

In order to use Apache `mod_rewrite`, you will need to set the following settings:

* `proxy_url` = **https://www.example.org/proxy/**

* `scheme_include` = **1**

* `url_encode` = **0**

Along the following Apache configuration for the `www.example.org` virtual host:

```
  # WARNING: Multiple '/' are trimmed to a single one!
  RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} ^/proxy/https:/+(.*)$
  RewriteRule ^ https://%1 [QSA,P,L]
  RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} ^/proxy/http:/+(.*)$
  RewriteRule ^ http://%1 [QSA,P,L]
  <Location "/proxy/">

>     # CRITICAL: Do NOT leave your proxy opened to everyone!!!

Reviewer: Grammar nit
```suggestion
    # CRITICAL: Do NOT leave your proxy open to everyone!!!
```

The source code for the images.weserv.nl proxy can be found at [github.com/andrieslouw/imagesweserv](https://github.com/andrieslouw/imagesweserv), but of course other methods are available. For example, in Apache you could [use `mod_rewrite` to set up a simple proxy](#apache-configuration) and similar methods are available in nginx and lighttpd. Alternatively you could use a simple PHP script, [along these lines](https://github.com/Alexxz/Simple-php-proxy-script). Keep in mind that too simple a proxy could introduce security risks, which is why the default proxy processes the images.

### Apache configuration

In order to use Apache [mod_rewrite](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/mod/mod_rewrite.html), you will need to set the following settings:

* `proxy_url` = **https://www.example.org/proxy/**

* `scheme_include` = **1**

* `url_encode` = **0**

Along the following Apache configuration for the `www.example.org` virtual host:

```

>   # WARNING: Multiple '/' in %{REQUEST_URI} are internally trimmed to a single one!

Reviewer: Btw, the two spaces in front of everything seem a touch random?

Author: Sorry. Copy-paste from my test config (fixed) :-)
